README.md, before:

# FuckLC
a journey of me getting fucked by LeetCode or vice versa

## Solutions
- 0053 - Maximum Subarray [[Python]](Python/53.py)
- 0066 - Plus One [[Python]](Python/66.py)
- 0112 - *Path Sum [[Python]](Python/112.py)
- 0113 - *Path Sum II [[Python]](Python/113.py)
- 0344 - Reverse String [[Python]](Python/344.py)
- 0617 - Merge Two Binary Trees [[Python]](Python/617.py)
- 0771 - Jewels and Stones [[Python]](Python/771.py)
- 1108 - Defanging an IP Address [[Python]](Python/1108.py)
- 1281 - Subtract the Product and Sum of Digits of an Integer [[Python]](Python/1281.py)
- 1282 - Group the People Given the Group Size They Belong To [[Python]](Python/1282.py)
- 1313 - Decompress Run-Length Encoded List [[Python]](Python/1313.py)
- 1342 - Number of Steps to Reduce a Number to Zero [[Python]](Python/1342.py)
- 1365 - How Many Numbers Are Smaller Than the Current Number [[Python]](Python/1365.py)
- 1431 - Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies [[Python]](Python/1431.py)
- 1470 - Shuffle the Array [[Python]](Python/1470.py)
- 1480 - *Running Sum of 1d array [[Python]](Python/1480.py)

Commit message:

updated list (now order by date) w/ new question

README.md, after:

# FuckLC
a journey of me getting fucked by LeetCode or vice versa

## Solutions (order by date)
- 2019-10-29
  - 0717 - 1-bit and 2-bit Characters [[Python]](Python/717.py)]
- 2020-02-13
  - 0001 - Two Sum [[Python]](Python/1.py)
- 2020-06-17
  - 0771 - Jewels and Stones [[Python]](Python/771.py)
  - 1108 - Defanging an IP Address [[Python]](Python/1108.py)
  - 1281 - Subtract the Product and Sum of Digits of an Integer [[Python]](Python/1281.py)
  - 1282 - Group the People Given the Group Size They Belong To [[Python]](Python/1282.py)
  - 1313 - Decompress Run-Length Encoded List [[Python]](Python/1313.py)
  - 1342 - Number of Steps to Reduce a Number to Zero [[Python]](Python/1342.py)
  - 1365 - How Many Numbers Are Smaller Than the Current Number [[Python]](Python/1365.py)
  - 1431 - Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies [[Python]](Python/1431.py)
  - 1470 - Shuffle the Array [[Python]](Python/1470.py)
  - 1480 - *Running Sum of 1d array [[Python]](Python/1480.py)
- 2020-06-22
  - 0344 - Reverse String [[Python]](Python/344.py)
  - 0617 - Merge Two Binary Trees [[Python]](Python/617.py)
- 2020-07-23
  - 0066 - Plus One [[Python]](Python/66.py)
- 2020-07-24
  - 0053 - Maximum Subarray [[Python]](Python/53.py)
- 2020-07-26
  - 0113 - *Path Sum II [[Python]](Python/113.py)
  - 
- 2020-07-29
  - 0112 - *Path Sum [[Python]](Python/112.py)
- 2020-08-09
  - 0938 - Range Sum of BST [[Python]](Python/938.py)
